Reflection
Zian Choudhury
Student#: 131048209
Email: zchoudhury@myseneca.ca
Section: NVV
The final part of the assignment had further practiced the use of helper functions and even more so with these milestones between the calls of the functions between each other. When writing the sections themselves functions like getInt and yes really helped in organizing and in readability of the functions. When requiring a it was a simple variable is equal to the call of the getInt function and even simpler with yes being simply “if(yes())”. This is not only simple to code but also in reading it is clear the purpose of this part of the code. Furthermore, when using each function more then once, the repetitive nature makes the function even more valuable. 

The findContactIndex and getTenDigetPhone are not main functions but rather sub-functions that can be called on to complete a smaller but potentially complex or tedious task. This reduces the overall length of a single function to smaller manageable sections. In addition, since extra work is done with the obtained values, by separating the tasks when fixing errors, it can be isolated by placing in as an isolated code for correction. The function is also used across different functions total code length and readability is also optimized. 

When loading the initial values and in adding more contacts it would have been much simpler to read from a file. Firstly, for initialization in the case of sets of contacts a text file can be swapped in and out from a call rather then manually changing each value. This mainly applies to the beginning portion of the code in contactManagement where all of the names had to be initialized as a part of the code that could have been separately read from a file instead of as a part of the code. The names can also be changed during the code outside of the execution depending on how the code reads the files. Secondly, when entering new entries many of the values are optional such as the apartment number. Using a text file the code can be read in a way of the column for apartment number is 0 to not include in the contact. This would shorten the code to not include the options. The one downside to this is there is limited feedback from the file read should there be incorrect entries. The file would need to edited instead of within the code with direct feedback during entry.
